README.md, before:

# The 2048 Power Compendium
[Link to the game](https://mathcookie17.github.io/The-2048-Power-Compendium/)

The 2048 Power Compendium is a collection of 41 different variations of 2048. Some of these are based on powers of different numbers: 2048 is based on powers of 2, 2187 is based on powers of 3, 1024 is based on powers of 4, 3125 is based on powers of 5, and so on. Some of these variations are based on powers of numbers offset by some other value, such as 2047 (powers of 2, minus 1) and 2059 (powers of 3, minus powers of 2). The main 25 modes tend to follow these patterns, but the 16 extra modes don't.

In addition to the 41 variants, there are also a bunch of modifiers which can be used to alter every gamemode, such as changing the size of the grid, changing the amount of tiles that spawn at once, adding holes to the grid, and much more.

For more information, press "Go the Guide" on the menu screen of the game.

Credit to mathiasbynens for *[he](https://github.com/mathiasbynens/he)*, an HTML entity encoder and decoder that I used in this project.

This project is released under the MIT License, which I chose for two reasons: because both the original 2048 and *he* are released under the MIT License, and because I feel people should be able to do what they want with the 2048 variants in this project.

Commit message:

Added call for ideas to README
I keep thinking of things to add to the README, don’t I?

README.md, after:

# The 2048 Power Compendium
[Link to the game](https://mathcookie17.github.io/The-2048-Power-Compendium/)

The 2048 Power Compendium is a collection of 41 different variations of 2048. Some of these are based on powers of different numbers: 2048 is based on powers of 2, 2187 is based on powers of 3, 1024 is based on powers of 4, 3125 is based on powers of 5, and so on. Some of these variations are based on powers of numbers offset by some other value, such as 2047 (powers of 2, minus 1) and 2059 (powers of 3, minus powers of 2). The main 25 modes tend to follow these patterns, but the 16 extra modes don't.

In addition to the 41 variants, there are also a bunch of modifiers which can be used to alter every gamemode, such as changing the size of the grid, changing the amount of tiles that spawn at once, adding holes to the grid, and much more.

For more information, press "Go the Guide" on the menu screen of the game.

Any requests/ideas for 2048 variants to add to the Compendium? Email me at mathcookie17@gmail.com if you want to give me any ideas.

Credit to mathiasbynens for *[he](https://github.com/mathiasbynens/he)*, an HTML entity encoder and decoder that I used in this project.

This project is released under the MIT License, which I chose for two reasons: because both the original 2048 and *he* are released under the MIT License, and because I feel people should be able to do what they want with the 2048 variants in this project.
